today we are going to talk about the giant sites
prehistoric and scary animals
who have lived on our planet the gift
that yours is known as low
armor because of its appearance
frightening and yours that passes from
drilling building
he swam on our planet already makes more
of 200 million years and arrive at nine
meters in length once more
brutal species already seen feeds
of large sharks and even
of animals of their own species
can not expect an appearance
of an animal that has been
known as bequeath of myspace cement
of prehistory like a giant in place
of troubadours using up to 620 kilos and
reaching seven meters in length
I may have lived up to 40 thousand years ago
The name means giant head but I
I'm seems much more like a sloth.
and so it is also known
that way the mega had an othelio man
lived in the pleistocene trio of what goes from
2.5 million to 11 thousand books behind and
also fed only leaves
even so this oak animal use
4 to 2 or more
dubbed the terror birds
did not match the fame they had
reaching 2.5 meters in height
provisional classes were capable of killing
other animals quite easily
thanks to feet with sharp claws and
very strong beak having lived during the
these birds could send
communicated or seized victims
against the ground
the blue sun plot can
its different but with the jaw will
more big port
it is stipulated that I have lived on earth
between 23 million and 5 million years
behind
just like the relatives who live
currently the blame course of button
was fed only to hospitals
mainly aquatic plants
titanoboa could reach within 3 meters of
length weighed over one tonne
and like other giant snakes she
fed on anything she
wanted to
these animals have already been extinct for 60
millions of years
If you liked the video click who like and
sign I'm click who I also liked
This helps to spread the word and do not forget
to write verses in the required channel
all and until the next video